- Hey, Nana Komatsu.
Remember all those times at
school
when we'd hang out in
the girls' bathroom?
And you'd tell me every little
detail about your love life.
Well, I don't want to
hear about it anymore.
(fast intro music playing)
- Hi everyone.
Welcome to another night at
Junko's place.
- Ah, thanks for dropping by.
Long time no see.
Hey, how come this place
never seems to have any
customers?
- They'll come. They'll come.
Like tonight,
I'm sure we're going to
see Shin, Nobu, and Yasu.
And maybe even someone
from Trapnest will show up.
- What the hell's that about?
The demon lord tell you?
Oh, wow. A customer
- Come in. Welcome.
- Congratulations on
opening your own place.
- What the hell's going on?
Why is Koichi Sato here?
- Word is he's got some serious
fans
out there who actually
like him.
Of course. They've all
gotta be real maniacs.
- They're not maniacs.
Hey, you guys know how
Nana's been doing lately?
- When you say Nana,
you mean Nana Komatsu?
- I haven't seen her around
at Jackson's recently
which means I haven't
been appearing
in the series as much as I want.
So did something weird happen
between her and Shoji?
- Shoji you're the worst.
I can't believe you would do
that.
- Well, I just sort of
forgot to mention it
and she never asked.
I wasn't hiding anything
from her.
- Don't want any excuses.
You hid the fact you had
a girlfriend,
so you could hit on this
other girl.
- Junko, you know I'm
not capable of doing
something sneaky like that.
- Not on purpose, no.
But you're not thinking
you're completely clueless.
Something like this has
the potential
to break a young girl's heart.
- You really think I
hurt her? I don't know.
- Come on. Of course
you hurt her.
Sachiko's fallen in love
with you, right?
- I think so.
But maybe that's just me
thinking she loves me.
She never actually said that
she likes me or anything.
And nothing has ever
happened between us.
When we were hanging out,
it was just as friends.
- Sometimes I wonder if your
intellectual capabilities
ever got beyond junior high.
- Junko, don't just walk
away from me.
I need your advice.
What should I say to her?
- You want my advice? Stop
seeing her.
(ice clanks)
- So Sachiko is more important
to you than Nana now?
- No way.
Koichi Sato, I'm going to
work now.
I got to put an end to
this relationship right away.
I'm going to make sure I
lie the same grave as Nana.
(tie grips)
(solemn music)
- Sorry to keep you waiting.
Let's go.
- Sachiko, wait.
There's something I need
to tell you.
- Huh?
(loud footsteps)
- You know.
(Sachiko sobs)
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
- It's not your fault Shoji.
I'm the one to blame.
It was me. I got my hopes up.
That's all.
I did it on purpose but
I'll try not to interfere.
I won't ever get in the
way of your relationship
with your girlfriend.
I promise.
So, please Shoji.
Why can't we just be friends?
I don't want you to start
avoiding me.
(both cries)
(slow piano music playing)
- There's no answer. Weird.
Shoji should have finished work
by now
but it's going to voicemail.
Maybe his phone's dead.
- What if he's cheating on you?
- He wouldn't cheat on
me. He's not like that.
I'll just text him instead.
- You know?
I don't think there's anything
we can do
to fix what Shoji's done.
For as long as I've
known him he's never been
the kind of guy to cheat on a
girlfriend.
Not even to think about
it.
- No, that's impossible.
He couldn't do it.
- I know.
That's what makes me wonder
if this is the real thing.
He might have fallen so
much in love with Sachiko,
he's willing to risk
everything he has with Nana.
If so, there's nothing
we can do.
- Hi, Shoji. Surprise.
- Hachi insisted on dragging
us all down here to see you.
- Oh, right? Yeah.
I'll see what we've got
available. Hold on a sec.
Come right this way.
- Huh?
(door creaks)
Sachiko?
- Huh. Looks like they're
closing up.
They're starting to leave.
- Finally.
- Sachiko.
- What are you doing,
Shoji? Who's this girl?
- My girlfriend.
- What?
Hold on. Are you telling me
you've got two girlfriends.
Huh. Boy, what a lucky guy.
- No, don't.
(upbeat rock music)
- Sachiko, it's okay. Stay back.
- Don't hurt him.
- This has got nothing to do
with you.
- It has nothing to do with you.
If you want to hit someone,
you should be hitting me.
- Hey, come on.
- It's all my fault.
I went and fell in love with him
even though I knew he
had a girlfriend,
but I just couldn't stop myself.
- Hachi, why are you just
standing there?
He's your boyfriend.
You got to do something.
If you don't you're
going to lose him.
He's your boyfriend,
fight for him.
- I don't want him
- Huh?
- I never want to see him again.
(sad music playing)
- That's what happened?
Wow. That's pretty intense.
- Yeah. You bet it is.
- Speak of the devil. There's
the cheater.
- Then he's getting closer.
- Now he's leaving again.
- Come on. Leave the poor
guy alone, would you?
Hey, Shoji, come over here.
Why don't you have
a drink with us?
- I'm home.
- Hello Hachiko.
- What's going on?
- We've got a gig. We've got a
gig.
There was an open slot for a
band
on the Bellamoshimoki
and we got it.
It's on may the fifth.
We got a 30 minute slot.
(upbeat rock music playing)
- Yay.
- Wipe away those tears,
okay? We're celebrating.
(upbeat rock music playing)
- I see.
So how's Nana been doing?
Has she recovered from the shock
yet?
- Well, I guess you
could say she's recovered
but it's not as simple as that.
- So she's still
feeling depressed.
- No, no. It's not that.
- The trouble is it's never
just one thing with Nana.
There's always so much going on.
- Just wait till you hear
the rest Koichi Sato.
- I had the best time ever.
Getting to hang out with Blast,
and spending all that time with
Nana
talking about all
kinds of things.
I feel like I've been
in a dream.
- You're so funny.
- No, really I'm serious.
I've been a huge fan ever
since the band started out
but nothing like this
has ever happened before.
I mean, I got to hang
out with them.
- You really are a fan.
So how long has it been
since they first started out?
- Well, it was back when Ren was
in the band and that
was like four years ago.
It was a big deal when
Ren left Blast.
But don't you think that new
guy Sheen plays a lot like him?
So this show was just like
watching the old Blast again.
It was totally amazing.
- Tell me who your
favorite bass player is?
- Ren Honjo.
- What made you choose a Lotus
blossom?
Does it have like a
special meaning?
- Actually it's not a
Lotus.
It's a red flower.
- No way.
- Well, to be honest,
I don't know if I should say
anything.
- Come on Nobu, you can tell me,
you know, everything don't you?
- You told me that Ren used to
be the bass player at Blast.
He hooked up with Nana
and they lived together.
But a couple of years ago
he was offered the chance
to be the guitar player for
Trapnest.
So he left for Tokyo
and no one in the band
has heard from him since.
- And I guess I said it all.
- But hold on.
You said no one's heard
from him.
Not even Nana?
- They had a really tough
breakup didn't they?
- Yeah, that's about right.
I really did tell you
everything that happened.
I'm not mad at Ren for what
he did
and I really don't
want to badmouth him.
But what happened was
Ren decided
to quit playing with Blast,
and join Trapnest
without discussing it
with Nana and me first.
The only person he talked
it over with was Yasu.
So at the time I felt
totally betrayed.
It was a real shock.
The band was everything to me.
And I felt like he was saying
we weren't good enough for him.
Plus I guess I was jealous.
Nana and I knew the
opportunity was too good
for him to turn down,
and we didn't want to
stand in his way.
We had to respect what
the offer meant
to him and his career.
So we accepted his decision.
Well, I think it was
the best thing for them,
but Nana, well Nana
could have gone with Ren.
But she had too much pride
to simply be the girlfriend
of a big rock star.
I think that's the main
reason why she's so focused
on becoming a successful
musician.
She's determined to be as big
or even bigger than
Ren and Trapnest.
Sometimes it's hard to watch
her struggle with that.
- Are you still in
love with Ren?
- So you knew.
- Yeah. I'm sorry.
I only just found out, but I-
- You knew? And that's
why you brought me here?
Thank you.
- Ren?
Did you really mean what
you just said?
- What part are you
talking about?
- I've got my pride, you know,
and I've got my own
career ahead of me.
I can't live with you
like we did before.
I just, it wouldn't work,
but I'd be into us
getting together
like this from time to time.
Being with each other,
holding each other,
talking to each other.
And then someday when I'm older,
when my pride and vanity
have faded away,
and I get tired of singing.
Then can I go back there
and retire with you?
- So you see that's
pretty much what happened.
Hey, where's Kochi Soto.
- Didn't you notice?
He left a while ago.
- Without paying his bill.
- Look, he left the
Jackson burger for you.
- Thinks he can barter.
Does he?
Oh, although his Jackson
burgers are tasty.
- I bet it's cold by now.
- Welcome.
Come in, take a seat.
Why did a 38 year old spinster
like Sakagami come here?
- Because of all her
die hard fans,
who don't exist.
- Yeah, no kidding.
- Hey you over there?
- Yes?
- I hear your friends
with Nana Kamatsu.
What is it with that girl?
(fast speaking)
- She's the kind of character
who only makes a few guest
appearances
even fewer than Kochi Sato.
And that's saying something.
- Yeah.
If you ask me, this is
getting kind of weird.
Why are all the minor
characters coming to visit us?
- Because this is where
all the minor characters
come for a drink once
our time is up.
- Huh?
- Isn't that why you three
are here leading the way?
- [Both] No way.
- No, that's impossible.
- We're going to be appearing
in lots more episodes.
- Really?
You know that for sure?
- [Both] That's not your
decision to make.
- From what I can see your
garden's ripe for harvest.
- I want happiness and I want it
now.
I mean, I want a boyfriend.
- Why don't we organize a
party for you?
- No, I don't think
that'll do any good.
This time when I fall in love,
I want it to be like destiny
but a party's a good idea,
because who knows who
I might meet?
- Hey, Yasu tell me something.
Do you have a girlfriend?
- I don't seem to be very
popular with the ladies.
- So Nobu, do you have
a girlfriend right now?
- Not right now.
Do you know anyone
who's available?
- Nana, Welcome home.
- Miss Komatsu.
How long does it take to
sort through some postcards?
You really are slow.
Miss Komatsu.
Don't you even know how
to use a photocopier.
- Thanks June.
Miss Sakagami
What are you doing wasting time
out here?
Don't you have a lot
of work to do.
Oh, miss Sakagami.
The boss just fired me.
- Of course he did.
- I can't believe it.
I know you were always
really strict with me
but I thought you were on my
side
and you'd stand up for me.
- The world doesn't
just revolve around you.
You have no idea.
How much of a slacker you are.
Goodbye.
(cellphone ringing)
- Hello?
- Is this Nana?
It's me Takumi.
Can you talk right now?
- Yeah
(slow music playing)
- Well, that's all folks.
Hope you enjoyed the second
installment of Junko's place.
We sure did.
See you next time.
Bye bye everyone.
- You sound pathetic,
you know that?